There are also Git GUI clients that work well on Windows platforms which performs all the operations that is performed by git.
1. Sourcetree

  It’s a fully featured GUI that makes your Git projects efficient and easier. It can support large Git files and visualize it 
with detailed branching diagrams, making it easy for you and your team members to see the progress.

The local commit search allows you to find file changes, commits, and branches while the remote repo manager lets you search and 
clone remote repositories within Sourcetree. You can also get clear and clean commits with the interactive rebase tool.

2.GitHub

GitHub Desktop is a free and open source Git GUI client. It has an intuitive interface that allows you to manage code without 
you needing to type commands. You can make new or add local repositories and perform Git operations with ease.

Creating branches and switching to existing ones isn’t a hassle, so is merging code with the master branch. Furthermore, you 
can track your changes with GitHub Desktop.

3. Tortoise Git

It supports regular tasks like commit, creating branches and tags, showing logs, and so on. The tool is straightforward to use 
as commands are accessible straight from Windows Explorer. The dialogs are descriptive, and you’re able to move files by dragging them.

There are tools such as TortoiseGitMerge that help resolve conflicts and lets you see the changes you made to your files. It has a 
spell checker to log messages and auto-completion for keywords and paths.






Explaination of git push origin master

Git Origin Master
The term "git origin master" is used in the context of a remote repository. It is used to deal with the remote repository. 
The term origin comes from where repository original situated and master stands for the main branch. Let's understand both of 
these terms in detail.
Git Master
Master is a naming convention for Git branch. It's a default branch of Git. After cloning a project from a remote server, 
the resulting local repository contains only a single local branch. This branch is called a "master" branch. It means that "master" 
is a repository's "default" branch.

n Git, The term origin is referred to the remote repository where you want to publish your commits. The default remote repository is 
called origin, although you can work with several remotes having a different name at the same time. It is said as an alias of the system.

Git has two types of branches called local and remote. To use git pull and git push, you have to tell your local branch that on 
which branch is going to operate. So, the term origin master is used to deal with a remote repository and master branch. 
The term push origin master is used to push the changes to the remote repository. 